Update README.md (#6)
rearc-data/quest: README.md

- Lastly, Part 4 will put all the pieces together. The goal here is to showcase your experience with automation and AWS services.

#### Part 1: AWS S3 & Sourcing Datasets
1. Republish [this open dataset](https://download.bls.gov/pub/time.series/pr/) in Amazon S3 and share with us a link.
    - You may run into 403 Forbidden errors as you test accessing this data. There is a way to comply with the BLS data access policies and re-gain access to fetch this data programatically - we have included some hints as to how to do this at the bottom of this README in the Q/A section.
2. Script this process so the files in the S3 bucket are kept in sync with the source when data on the website is updated, added, or deleted.

> 3. Don't rely on hard coded names - the script should be able to handle added or removed files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Don't rely on hard coded names - the script should be able to handle added or removed files.
```

> 4. Ensure the script doesn't upload the same file more than once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Ensure the script doesn't upload the same file more than once.
```

#### Part 2: APIs
1. Create a script that will fetch data from [this API](https://datausa.io/api/data?drilldowns=Nation&measures=Population).
   You can read the documentation [here](https://datausa.io/about/api/)
2. Save the result of this API call as a JSON file in S3.

#### Part 3: Data Analytics
0. Load both the csv file from **Part 1** `pr.data.0.Current` and the json file from **Part 2**
   as dataframes ([Spark](https://spark.apache.org/docs/1.6.1/api/java/org/apache/spark/sql/DataFrame.html),
                  [Pyspark](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/api/python/reference/api/pyspark.sql.DataFrame.html),
                  [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html),
                  [Koalas](https://koalas.readthedocs.io/en/latest/),
                  etc).

1. Using the dataframe from the population data API (Part 2),

>    generate the mean and the standard deviation of the US population across the years [2013, 2018] inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   generate the mean and the standard deviation of the annual US population across the years [2013, 2018] inclusive.
```

> ### Q. Can i share this quest with others?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Q. Can I share this quest with others?
```

No.

### Q. How do I get around the 403 error when I try to fetch BLS data?
<details>
<summary>Hint 1</summary>
  The BLS data access policies can be found here: https://www.bls.gov/bls/pss.htm
</details>
<details>
<summary>Hint 2</summary>

>   The text to note on the policy page is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The policy page says:
```

```BLS also reserves the right to block robots that do not contain information that can be used to contact the owner. Blocking may occur in real time.```

> How can your programmatic access requests contain information that can let BLS contact you?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How could you add information to your programmatic access requests to let BLS contact you?
```

</details>
<details>
<summary>Hint 3</summary>

>   Adding a ```User-Agent``` header to your request will comply with the BLS data policies and allow you to keep accessing their data programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Adding a ```User-Agent``` header to your request with contact information will comply with the BLS data policies and allow you to keep accessing their data programmatically.
```
